---
template: BlogPost
date: 2020-07-04T13:56:17.598Z
title: MAN’S ANGER AND GRIEVANCE, HARMFUL TO HIM
tags: Salvation
category: Salvation
metaDescription: "When you are angry, you are harmful to yourself. I am reading
  from Genesis 49:6-7 “O my soul, come not thou into their secret; unto their
  assembly, mine honour, be not thou united:"
---
When you are angry, you are harmful to yourself. I am reading from Genesis 49:6-7 “O my soul, come not thou into their secret; unto their assembly, mine honour, be not thou united: for in their anger they slew a man, and in their selfwill they digged down a wall. Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; and their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, and scatter them in Israel” (Genesis 49:6-7). Simeon and Levi did not get the final blessings from their father Jacob and God because of their anger. Anger brings harm, judgement and danger to the angry. “And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD, she fell down under Balaam: and Balaam’s anger was kindled, and he smote the ass with a staff” (Numbers 22:22-27). Anger always pushes us to wrong actions like Balaam (Numbers 22:22-35). The ass was acting as his friend, not wanting him to be injured but, not seeing what the ass saw, he smote the ass. Many times, in our relationships we smite in anger those protecting and preserving us, though they have good intentions. Anger like that of Balaam, is condemned by the Lord. Misinterpretation of posture, language, quietness, and actions of people make men angry. The ass had good intention to protect the man, but the man misinterpreted its action. “Then the LORD opened the eyes of Balaam, and he saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and he bowed down his head, and fell flat on his face” (Numbers 22:31).Until the Lord opens your eyes to see why people do what they do, the misinterpretations of their actions will be hurting you. When you get angry, you destroy and hurt yourselves. There are people that run, jump, preach, quote the right words or say the right things, or do the right things, but in anger. Anger behind your action will hurt you whatever the result. You will not die as a fool in Jesus Name. “Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry: for anger resteth in the bosom of fools” (Ecclesiastes 7:9). Be patient and be meek. Anger is not the mark of a real child of God. Anger will not be in your heart or bosom. In leadership, you think you have the right to be angry like in the case of Moses, but anger will bring hurt and harm to the one who is angered. Moses missed the fruit of his labour to take the Israelites to the Promised Land.(Psalms 106:32-22). You need to be careful of anger in your life and ministry; let God judge the people that disobey Him. It is not our right to get provoked and become angry when the people disobey us or the word of God. Anger will not destroy you and cause you to miss what the Lord has provided for you in Jesus Name. You will make it to heaven in Jesus’ name. “Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice” (Ephesians 4:31). This is possible as God never gives us commandments that we cannot keep. Take care that people are obeying the laws of the Lord, and in that way, there will no bitterness and anger in your life. Do not raise up another regulation and law to people, you will be kind and praying for people to obey God (Ephesians 4:32). May God bless the reading of His word. God bless you